# The NIST's Cloud Computing Forensic Reference Architecture Data 

The NIST's Cloud Computing Forensic Reference Archiectures data captured in this workbook under the "Capabilities vs Challenges" tab, was generated by the members of the NIST Cloud Computing Forensic Science Workong Group (NCC FSWG). They employed the methodology for identifying cloud capabilities which could be impacted by a cloud forensic challenge and therefore needs at least partial mitigation strategies to minimize the risk incurred during operations, and to eliminate potential negative impact on digital forensic investigations if the need arises.  The data is made available `as is` and all users of the data are encouraged to treat it as an initial implementation of the methodology, but use their own judgment when employing the CC FRA methodology in the context of their cloud system(s) and modify or customize this initial dataset for their specific situations and needs.                                                              

For example, if the existing capabilities are not appropriate for the user’s situation, some or all can be removed, and new ones can be added. Similarly, new challenges appropriate for the user’s situation can be added, or those challenges that have been adequately mitigated can be removed. Our architectural methodology has the advantage of helping to focus on how challenges can be mitigated because it considers each challenge specifically in the context of affected capabilities.

The workbook contains 10 tabs, as follows:

1.     **Capabilities vs Challenges Data** – shows the Cloud Computing Forensic Reference Architecture (CC FRA) Mapping Table (MT) developed by the NIST Cloud Computing Forensic Science Working Group (NCC FSWG) that compares all possible pairings of cloud forensic challenges (62 total challenges) and cloud functional capabilities (347 capabilities).  An entry in this MT is `YES` if the associated challenge affects the associated capability, otherwise the entry is `NO`. More details about NCC FSWG are available here: [https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/nist-cloud-computing-forensic-science](https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/nist-cloud-computing-forensic-science) 

2.     **Challenges Data** – describes the 62 cloud forensic challenges used in the CC FRA Mapping Table. These challenges are discussed in detail in the following publication: Herman M, Iorga M, Salim AS, Jackson R, Hurst M, Leo R, Lee R, Landreville N, Mishra AK, Wang Y, Sardinas R (2020). NIST Cloud Computing Forensic Science Challenges. (National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, MD), NIST Interagency or Internal Report (IR) 8006. The report is availabel here: [https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.IR.8006](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.IR.8006).

3.     **Flow Chart** – shows the flow chart that was followed to achieve the mapping displayed in the CC FRA Mapping Table.  The answers to the questions in this flow chart guide the user through a consistent and repeatable logical flow towards the final mapping ansswer, ensuring a uniform method for determining the applicability of a challenge to a particular capability.   

4.     **BOSS** -- Business Operation Support Services – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

5.     **ITOS** -- Information Technology Operation and Support Services – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

6.     **Presentation Services** – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

7.     **Application Services** – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

8.     **Information Services** – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

9.     **Infrastructure Services** – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

10.    **S&RM** -- Security and Risk Management – one of the domains covered by the Cloud Security Alliance’s Enterprise Architecture. These domains contain functional capabilities used in the CC FRA Mapping Table.

### Contact us: 

Dr. Michaela Iorga

email: [sp800-201@nist.gov](mailto:sp800-201@nist.gov))

